WHAT DOES IT guys want KMAX now in this video will be adding an on sale section here so that is also
really really important.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to hit adenine section and you can see it right here.
I'm just going to add the forward.
OK.
And so now here I want first title and then I need the products right here.
So let's just go to this right here.
OK.
The heading I'm just going to bring in tray here.
You can also bring this one right here.
That's the feature products.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to duplicate it.
OK let's triplicated And let's bring this right.
It don't.
So I'm going to bring this down to
OK it is so hard to pin it down you know.
OK.
This is right here.
Hey that's a feature products.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to edit it.
OK.
And let's get to and I'm going to
on sale products so you can and pretty well anything that you want to add.
Ok but I'm just writing on seal products.
OK.
So I also want to give some padding to the top and here as well so that my website looks great.
I want to come here.
I'm just going to go to padding right here and I need to give some padding to the top so the top rating
would be 50 pixels and this should be bottom for him as well.
It should be 40 pixels and I can see that giving some spacing makes it much better.
Ok cool.
I want to go down I want to come here and here should also be some bedding so I need to get some bedding
to the top section.
I want to go to the advance and the padding.
Let's just click here to uncheck this and then I want to give some padding to the top so this should
be 50 pixels.
OK.
And the bottom should also be 30 pixels.
This looks cool.
Now what I'm going to do I need some product so I need to just click this guy right here again.
OK let's click here.
And let's just go to the products.
So I need to bring the food product away here and I'm going to bring it down below.
OK.
And then here I need the products so let's just come here.
We need six product SRODES.
OK.
Meaning six products that will be on sale products.
And here I needed to be six away.
And then I wanted to Currie's that Kerry is going to be the filter by is going to be sale and it's going
to show all the sale products that we have.
So we have only five products that are on sale currently.
That is why it is showing that.
So I think I should go for it to be like make it five.
OK let's just make it five and let's make it five.
OK cool so you can see that we'll be having five rows right here.
This is how they're coming.
OK.
What about what I want to do right now.
I want to go to
the Advanced Settings and I want to give some bedding to the top.
So let's just give it to the padding.
Like 10 pixels or 20 20 looks cool.
OK.
You can see how Have some spacing to the top and everything looks amazing.
So what I wanted to do right now I want to see or say that how it is looking so we have on sale products
we have get our most rated T shirt.
Call to Action.
But and that is coming.
OK.
And then we have the feature products and this is our whole store.
I just really like it.
OK.
I want to add a counter here so that that's going to tell me that we have the sale and that is like
we have some time left for that sale.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to come here.
And then I need the pros and the pro elements we have countdown so I need to bring this down below.
OK.
This is right here and I want it to be 30 days so we have 30 days left for sale and 22 are.
So you can change it like it will be on 19 Jan..
So we have 19 and we can also change it to 31 and you'll see that will be increased.
We have 42 days 22 hours and 20 minutes and 13 seconds so this is going to be block.
You can also choose to be in line.
So it looks great.
OK we have days of the days.
You can also remove the days and it will be like 22 hours.
Twenty two minutes and 1959 seconds and this is how it's going to work.
But I'm just going to add it.
And we have this show label so you can also just hide it and the label will not be shown.
So this is how it's going to work.
But I want to show the label then you can also choose it to be like custom labels so you can change
it to be like 42 days or four hours you can do that to me like are or for minutes you can change to
be like or for seconds you can Jammes to be like sick.
OK.
So you can change what we like short form if you want to.
You can also move all of that.
I'm not going to come here and there's going to be no custom labeling the default labeling should be
here.
Now what good is style right here.
And then we have the container so you can change the container of it to be like how you want it to be.
But I just want it to be 100 percent.
OK you can continue to be like pig so if you need it on pixel basis you can just increase it and then
your container of it would be OK.
But I read on it on the person daj basis that it should be 100 percent OK.
And then we have the background color for the boxes so it can change how the background color is going
to look like.
I just want it to be a bit of pre OK.
Or you can make it to be like full Fullbright.
OK.
And the water sorry.
Let's come here to the water here.
And I want to give some water so let's just give one pixel to everything.
The water should be solid.
So here should be the water right here.
OK let's give one pixel to everything.
And the color is going to be black.
So here we have the water right here.
But I don't think so if I need the water we can lower the Dasht one.
Let's just make it month OK.
I want to go to content right here and I'm going to design the content.
So here is my digital label.
So I want to make it this way.
And then we have that color.
So I want it to be the blue.
Let's here.
Let's come here.
Let's make it red.
So this looks cool.
That's school a bit.
You can make a full red if you want to but I'm going to make it a little bit Faid OK.
This is how it is looking for the two days left.
And there's days left for the sale to end and then the sale will be and the sale will be from here.
So you guys already know that how long you want to schedule the sale.
You guys already know about the scheduling so make sure you keep it simple.
If you are adding the counter make sure that you add it here as well.
That sale will be and after 42 days in this month so make sure to just add it and implement it.
And you guys already know about how to implement it if you still don't know.
I just have to go to visit type.
OK.
And then you can see that if we go down and there will be the sales section.
So we have this material left.
If I wanted to make in the sale schedule that it will left it will be from here to here and I want it
done here.
I want to get at it product.
Okay.
And then here I want to just go down go down till I find the sale price.
I want to schedule it.
I will schedule it from this to this so don't just schedule it from.
I'm on to be do.
So it will be scheduled from July 19 January.
So after the 19 January the sale will be Poom left.
OK.
So we will not be having any sale.
But I wonder because I don't want to schedule it.
OK let's just go back to our site right now.
And then see how our website is looking.
Okay.
We have pretty well everything that is coming to our website.
We have on sale products as well.
I want to make something.
Okay I want to make it shorter a bit because this is crossing this one that we have on sale.
So I wanted to go to typography and I want to change it OK and I want to come here to topography of
the labeling so I want to come here I want to change it as well.
OK.
Now it looks cool.
Kind of bad.
OK.
I want to change that the Rifi of this morning.
So I need to be OK let's come here.
I'd just change it to be more smaller.
So this looks cool.
I want to click here now and see how the sale counter is.
Don't make it much bigger.
OK if you want to you can do it.
You can do it.
It totally depends upon you.
It totally depends on you.
You can make it much bigger if you want to.
You can make it this if you want to.
OK.
But I want to make it smaller sure that it doesn't cross this one my heading.
Let's just come here and let's make this heading a bit more bigger.
So I want to go to the headline and I want increase the size of this so yes OK.
Let's have a look at our site now and see how her baby is looking.
We have on sale products and everything looks cool here.
So now we will be working up with more section right now.
OK so now I want to add a testimonial to our site that will be like for the customers who have bought
some products from us just want to give the testimonial So I just want to give get the testimonials
down below so that say looks are 10 deg and you should be adding testimonials So I'm just going to get
this right here and you can see this is right here.
I'm just going to click this guy right here.
And first I need the image.
So I need the background image and I'm just going to click here.
I'm just going to get a Steinway here.
I want to go to the backroom type and this is going to be this image
so the image that I want to include Let's just hit upload files let's just add select files and I want
to select a file so the file is going to be
disarmed.
I want include this one.
OK let's just upload this one.
And let's just say it in certain media.
So this file is already have this file already has that overlay the background overlay so we don't have
to add it.
OK.
So let's wait till this is done.
OK here we go.
You can see this is done right here.
I'm going to click insert media and this image will be inserted so we don't have to add the overlay
since it already has a background overlay.
But if you want to add it we can add it but I don't think so a at it.
So I'm just going to come here.
I am going to just click this guy right here and I want to play this.
And I don't want to bring this heading right here.
So this is right here.
I need the heading to be what you store because Demar
customer safe's so I'm going to bring this senator was just double click it.
OK I want to come here to style right here and I want to change the color to be right.
So this is why I want to click here.
I want to change the typography so it should be more.
OK.
The family should be open sense.
And the eight should be hundred.
So now I want to transform it so transform into uppercase
capitalize
call OK what I want to do right now I just need the divider Celeste's end of the writer's vault with
divider is also important.
I know we haven't edited it here so we can see this is not looking cool.
I want a divider.
So I want to come your I want to just sit DHV on this ship bring it down below.
I don't want it to be the it should be more the beat and the V should be smaller.
It looks like this ascender make it smaller.
And it seems the colors should be white.
OK I want to go to advance and I want to change the margins so it should be.
Let's just check this and let's remove the margin.
So I want to kick this guy right here so that it goes above core.
OK.
You can see this is the divider that is.
So you can also add it in here.
OK.
If you want to but I'm OK let's just do not add it.
OK so I'm just going to come here.
I want to just edit the section.
I want to give some padding to the top so when I come here I want to just give some batting to the top
so that if we have this spacing under this section OK I want to come click here.
And the padding should be 50.
So we have this right here.
OK.
What we want is that we need the testimonial So let's and the divider.
I just want to come here I want to click this and I want to have the duplicate.
Now I want to bring this down below.
I just hate just bringing it down a little.
I don't know why but I just don't feel like bringing it now.
OK.
This is right here.
And now when I won I need some columns so I need four columns down below where I can just add the testimonial.
OK.
Or I can just add the testimonial slider.
So testimonial Carrousel.
OK.
I'm going to bring it down below like here.
You can see the testimony over here and here I can at the testimonial what moves to our customer say
boo store is the best is the best shop I have ever seen.
They
deliver the product.
It's on time.
Cause I want the image so the image is going to be the person image.
So I need the person.
So for a person I have my self image that I always use when I am adding a person image so I'm going
to go to this right here this way here.
Landing Page just one.
This is right here.
I'm just going upload it and let's just hit insert.
Me.
So this is coming right here.
You can see Booster is the best shot I've ever seen it deliver products on time.
OK we have the slide number one seem like this we have to work on number two.
I want to upload the image first.
I don't want to edit the content so I'm going to come here right now and I want to upload the image
so they can see the images would be uploaded now.
OK what I have to do right now we have the skin so skin is going to be difficult.
And we also have the bubble.
So let's just have the bubble skin so you can see this is how the bubble works.
We have to lay that saves a change in line.
I mean stacked.
OK.
This is like this image above
It means left
and we have the main trait.
So I think you mean life like Scott.
Let's just go with the image in line I think
yes let's get slide's purview is going to be to see you can show two slides Burby you can see how this
is looking OK.
This is cool.
I have the bed tray here.
I can also change the bed.
And I have some additional options that we have so you can show the arrows or hide it and you get on
of late.
And then we have the nation you nation is going to be dots so you can just remove it.
You can also make the fractions of fraction on fraction bases that page nation would be and the progress.
OK so transition duration is going to be 500 milliseconds.
OK and the auto speed is this infinite loop.
So if you just click here you can see it's going to take 500 milliseconds to just go it like Privett
just like a half of second.
OK.
So this is how it's going to work.
And then let's come here to the slides and let's just duplicate them duplicate duplicate duplicate duplicate
duplicate.
We have so many slides right here.
OK.
I'm just going to go I'm here.
I'm going to make it like this.
Do it like just to do it and you can see we have this like this testimonial.
So if I just click here and we can see how this is looking so we have borders.
Slay your customer testimonials.
And you can see this is tabard that is the progress of the testimonial.
So this is increasing.
OK I'm going to go to the additional option and we have the page anation so I'm going to go to Steinway
here and we have the navigation.
So we have the nation Tabaret here.
I'm going to change the color of this to white gray.
Oh it seems to be Chri.
So now let's come here and let's just make it full of it.
Now it would be visible to you.
Let's see it.
Let's see.
You can see how this nation is looking.
So this is increasing the way we want it.
So we also have this like we can also drag and drop it right here and it can see how this testimonial
is increasing.
So you can also delete some of the more testimonials that you want to delete.
OK and we have just four to four and for four we have just two of the testimony.
OK.
Now we're done with this.
We have to give some betting to the top to the bottom.
That is also important.
So I'm going to go to the Steinway here and I want to go to the advance and the bottom should be for
the pixel turned turtle.
OK.
All the 40.
OK what Boost your customers say.
So you can see everything is totally up and running.
We can also design this if you want to we can make it like a bit much changed.
If I just go to the content and the
SO WE HAVE THE BACK FROM colors Let's change the background color of this.
No this should not be changed.
OK the content the content we have the text color we have to name color we have the title color but
just this.
OK.
Sorry.
This is the title.
OK.
And then we have the image.
So this is the image size and everything.
And this is the bubble right here.
So I want I want to change the color of the bubble a bit.
OK.
I want to make it's
call.
Let's make it Footlight.
I think it looks good.
OK you can see how it is looking.
We can also assign the bottom to it if you want to.
So we can increase the border size but I don't want to assign any border so you can see we're done with
that testimonial right now.
This is how our website is looking.
And I think that we are totally done with our home base.
So this is our our home page just looking OK.
You can also add one more section.
Let me show you how you are going at it.
So you can add some of the services that you want to add.
So our services would be like free shipping or same day delivery or something like 20 24 7 support.
So it's just come here.
Let's just add one thing and that will be
well yes just above here OK.
I want to just add a new section here.
And let's just say and the U.S. Let's just make it full.
OK.
I want to drag it I want to drag it right above here.
So this should be here.
Okay.
I want to add two columns in duplicate So we have three columns right here.
And that will be let's just come here.
Let's just go to the blurb.
So another blurb the icon so I need the icon OK.
I don't want the icon only.
I just want a text of an icon so I'm going to go down till I find the icon with text.
This is the one the icon box.
I want to bring this down below.
You can see this is how it is looking.
I don't want to duplicate it so obligated to placate duplicate.
Now I want to get it here.
I want to drag it here.
So you can see that we have three icon boxes.
OK.
Let's just come here and let's remove this from here.
Let's remove this from here so that we save some time.
We just have to edit that and then we have to duplicate it.
So I'm going to I'm you're going to just remove this first remove the content.
OK.
We have to work with this.
And then we have the default so it should be like stacked and the framed I think I like the default
one the icon position should be left here we go.
The title should be H-2 and everything looks cool pretty well.
Yes.
So what I wanted to do right now I want free delivery.
Sorry.
It should be delivery
all the barcode.
So this is going to be
same day delivery.
Oh let's get a van for this.
OK.
Van I need a Van Van a car.
This is a car.
OK I'm same day delivery.
I'm going to retire right now.
I don't want to go to the spacings so space and cool looks cool.
Rotation is also cool.
OK.
I want to go to the Condon's right now and the Condon's should be Center.
We need to just work on the vertical alignment so it should be middle
bottom the top the titles title we have the spacing so we can give some spacing from the title that
how much spacing you want to give.
And we have everything right here.
OK.
It looks good.
What I want to do right now I want to go to the icon and I want to just change this so we have the icon
primary color spacing right here and then we have the sizing so I'm just going to remove this izing.
So a bit.
So I'm just going to make it like this.
OK.
You can see everything looks cool from here.
And the icon on Hulver can be changed and we have the concentrate here.
So I can also change the topography of the content.
They can make it much bigger size.
OK let's come here to the icon.
Let's increase the size of it a bit OK.
We need to add that delivery.
One more way.
OK I want to go to the Condren right now and I want to change the topography.
So we have everything looks cool.
I want to give some light height.
So it just works.
It is on this.
OK.
The letter spacing so a letter spacing is not recommended I think.
I want to go to icon and I want to give some speccing.
So this comes to descenders.
She can see everything looks cool right now.
Now now we have to work on the designing of this.
First of all what we have to do is that we need to come here to this section right here on the content
box to be full for it.
OK.
So you can see this is now full at I want this to be center left
what we have to do now is that we need to get the style.
OK.
Now we have to design this.
I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to click here and I'm going to hit this and fidget.
No no no no no wait just come here.
Let's just edit this column OK.
And I want to go to style and I want to change the column color so call and color is going to be black.
OK.
Let's make it black.
Black looks cool.
OK.
You can see how this column is OK if someone brings his mouse over it then the color is going to be
changed and the color of it be not the image the color would be
the color would be white white.
Looks school.
OK so I can see everything looks cool.
So what I'm going to do now I'm just going to come here and I'm going to duplicate this column.
OK.
I'm going to duplicate this color and duplicatable again you can see that we have for a here and I'm
going to delete this column.
So I'll just hit delete.
Let's just hit delete.
You can see we have three services right here.
OK.
We have seen that delivery same delivery same to the liberty so that is going to be
24 7 support.
OK.
And the car.
So this should be a headphone right here.
I just need a headphone and this should be
gift packaging awesome packaging.
I'm just going to I'm here and I need gift.
Here we go.
So you can see everything like school right now.
I'm just going bring it for you here so you can see it has same day delivery 24/7 support and awesome
packaging.
So this looks seriously amazing guys.
And I just like this design.
So you can see we have free services and everything.
And I can see that we are totally done with the home page.
I just like it so much so you can see everything looks cool.
Everything looks well here.
I just I just don't like this divider because this is right here.
So I think we should move to a divider from here.
So let's come here and let's just remove it.
OK.
This looks cool.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to see if you can see that we were totally done with the home page and the next video will
be working up the designing of this whole site and some of the buttons and some depth.
So stadium guys and Buh-Bye.